the Gaza conflicts inflamed a culture
War the heart of Britain thrusting
Palestinian restauranteur halem carala
into the firing line of islamophobic
hate and the first of many death threats
aimed at him and his staff hello you do
takeway yes okay so I'll come over and
take away your life I'll come over and
take away your life says the voice left
on his answer
phone when somebody calls you I'm going
to cut your head or I'm going to come
and close you down I'm going to send you
back to Gaza today you are alive
tomorrow you are not you have to take it
seriously the problem is not Jewish and
Palestinian the problem we have
extremist government in Israel and
everybody even the Israelis are hostage
of the extremist government in Israel
multiple monitoring groups say the
anti-muslim hate crimes have more than
tripled in the past few months it takes
various different forms physical verbal
abuse vandalism death threats much of it
directed against Muslim women in heads
scares the Wars cast a shadow over
British society and many Muslims fear
that elected members of parliament with
a duty to protect all communities in
their care and making things much much
worse senior conservative MP Lee
Anderson refused to apologize for
comments he made accusing London's
Muslim mayor sadik Khan have been
controlled by what Anderson called
islamists for allowing anti- Gaza War
marches to go ahead they've got control
of KH and they've got control of London
Mr Speaker I don't believe the Prime
Minister Rishi sunak since suspended him
as a conservative MP who fallen short of
calling his comments islamophobic
meanwhile the former Home Secretary soel
bravman a possible future leader of the
conservatives has claimed that islamists
extremists and anti-semites are now in
charge of of Britain there cannot be a
hierarchy of racism you've got to be
Universal and equal in your condemnation
of all forms of hatred prejudice and
discrimination whether it's
anti-Semitism or indeed islamophobia it
sends a message to those in the UK that
it's totally acceptable to use dangerous
language rhetoric against British
Muslims it's a critical year in the UK a
general election Looms with the Gaza War
or warping UK politics provoking angry
parliamentary
walkouts but instead of calming tensions
and condemning racism in all its forms
some in power are accused of turning up
the heat Neeve Barker aljazera
London make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer